1. Avoid the Slowlane  (Paycheck to paycheck)
2. Work the process: Wealth is not an event it takes time, quick is 10 years.
3. Show commitment not just interest
4. Own your business.
5. Commit to your business and commit to one business at a time. (Multiple businesses should be built after getting wealthy not before.)
6. Solve a need. (What’s in it for them?)
	1. Make someone happy.
	2. Solve a problem.
	3. Educate people.
	4. Make people look better/healthier.
	5. Give people security.
	6. Satisfy people’s appetites.
	7. Make hard things easier to do.
	8. Give people hope.
	9. Give people love/laughter/confidence.
7. Do something most people can’t do. (Less competitors) OR do something everyone can do EXCEPTIONALLY.
8. Be in complete control of your business and more importantly your income. You shouldn’t depend on other entities (other than your customers of course) for your income.
9. Sell something to millions or sell things worth millions. Ideally do both.
10. Automate your business.
11. Things to keep in mind
	1. It’s a process not an event.
	2. Slow lane can be a part of your plan it just shouldn’t be THE PLAN.
	3. If you are going to work a job for a while, try to make one that teaches you skills you can use to build a business in the near future.
	4. Give birth to assets, make them valuable to the marketplace.
	5. Produce, produce, produce!
	6. The brick walls are there to show how badly we want something.
	7. Do a quality job
	8. Build brands not businesses. (Apple)

## Appendix

1. Example money tree seedlings
	1. Rental systems: Real estate, patents etc.
	2. Computer systems: Software, applications, platforms
	3. Content systems: Blogs, YouTube, Instagram
	4. Distribution systems: Franchising, network marketing
	5. Human resource systems: Businesses based on employees.
2. Fast intermediaries to build a business in:
	1. Internet
		1. Subscription based (Subscription revenue)
		2. Content based (Ad revenue)
		3. Lead generation (Commission)
		4. Social Network (Ad revenue)
		5. Brokerage (Commission)
		6. Advertising (Service fee)
		7. E-commerce (Commission)
	2. Innovation
	3. International Iteration (Franchising or replication)
3. 5 Commandments for building a business (Your business should satisfy ideally all of these commandments.
	1. Commandment of Need: People has to need the thing you are offering, it should be a valid problem.
	2. Commandment of Entry: Ideally build a business with a high barrier to entry so that less competition and imitators can generate.
	3. Commandment of Control: At every step of the way be able to control as many things as possible. Youtube for example is entirely dependant on watchers and you are not in ccontrol. Ideally you should be able to dig yourself out of the grave if necessary.
	4. Commandmennt of Scale: Build a business that has a potential to scale up. Law of effection: To make millions you need to affect million.
	5. Commandment of Time: True wealth is where you don't have to show up to make money. (You can mathematically calculate your margins and time to a billion dollars It s a mathematically sound way to check the commandment of time and scale)
4. Gears of a business
	1. Execution (is king)
	2. Marketing (to get new customers)
	3. Customer Service (to hold existing customers)
	4. Product (is your service)
	5. People (are unreliable. Avoid if possible.)
	6. Ideas
5. The Idea Behind Retiring
	1. Find your aim.
	2. Build a business. Live off the profits and grow your business as your capital.
	3. Exit. (Sell the business) Use newly obtained capital for purchases and the remaining capitals’ interest should be able to compensate your monthly expenses.