- **Trustworthy**
	- Pick an industry where you can play a long game with long term people. Without compound you cant grow, without long term industry you cant compound. In order to be succesfull you need to play with people. In order to always be succesfull you need people you can trust that you can easily succeed with.
	- IN short term everybody is making themselves rich. In long term game everybody is making everybody rich.
	- Humans collobarate through genetic differences. Animals only do it in packs if they ever do it. And we can do it bcs we an keep track of debit and credit. Bcs we have capitalism and it is inherently synonymous to our nature. And you gotta play the game.
	- By increasing trust you can do much more frictionless business.
	- **You want the kind of reputation, that people want to do deals through you. Your reputation and brand is part of this.**
	- **Become someone smart, high energy (world’s filled with smart, lazy people) and high integrity. (Otherwise they will cheat you.)**
	- You want to be ethical and you will attract other ethical people in the sector.
	- **You wanna be honest because it leaves you with a clear mind. You don’t have two threads running in your mind all the time one keeping track of the lies. And by being honest you reject people who only wants to hear the pretty lies. But long term you create room for people who accept you for exactly who you are.**
	- **You might be advantageous to be a liar in the short run, but there will be honest people who will see your games and will avoid you. And in the long run those honest people will go on to become the game makers because they will have the credibility and people will come to you.**
	- Relationship has compound interest, you know you got each others back. Similarly in etrepreneurship a founder you have a track record with is very valuable to decrease friction in your new startup.

- **Knowledgable**
	- Most interesting things can’t be taught but they can be learnt by doing. Specific knowledge: How to manage a fleet of trucks. Specific Knowledge is at the edge of knowledge and usually learnt through genuine curiosity. It will be play to you that is job to others. **Only can be built through obsession! Pick things you are a natural at and double down on that!**
	- If you are good at arthmethics, programming, writing, speaking and meeting you are set for life.

- **Competent**
	- You can be lucky (blind luck). You can be creating a lots of opportunities and some will work. (That’s hustling luck. Fortune favors the bold) You can be good at spotting luck. (That’s entrepreneurial luck) **Lastly, you can be great at what you do and luck will find you. (You can attract that luck while no one else can even attempt to attract it) You are the best deep sea diver. A sunken ship is found. Their luck just became your luck.**

- **Builder or a Seller? Both!**
	- **The magic combination: CTO + CEO. (Wozniak and Jobs) The ultimate: Both! (Elon Musk) Builders can become sellers easier than sellers can become builders. (Even if you are not good at one-to-ones you might be great at writing which you can leverage.) In the beginning builders are more advantageous because there are a thousand hustling sellers and the tech the builder builds speaks for itself. But over time competing with emerging areas and technologies is not scalable for a person as it is a job requiring too much time and focus. Instead selling scales better over time. Being known as a great seller, marketer, communicator etc. will in practice self-fulfill and your words will have a noticeable heft to ordinary people which only re-affirms that you are a great seller. It is better to start as a builder and transition into a seller.**
- **A Learner**
	- Read what you love until you love to read. Read the things that naturally interest you.
	- In order to eliminate junk in books, read foundational books like Adam Smith Economics.
- **A Doer**
	- **Doing is faster than watching. In order to optimize your learning curve: DO! A lot of the subtleties don’t show themselves without getting in the job. You can read about a 1000 businesses but you won’t learn as much as running a lemonade stand. Also don’t repeat what you do in your business everyday, do something different, iterate every day. That is how you learn.**
	- You need to be a rational optimist. It is ok to shoot holes in things as long as you come with a solution. But other than that you MUST keep pour chin up and do do do!

- **Not Motivated -> Consistent**
	- **People work effectively by sprinting when you are sprinting. You sprint, you reassess then you try again. Then you rest a lot. More like a lion hunting. Impatience for actions and patience for results. Whatever you are doing, do them quickly with full focus and as soon as you are inspired. Inspiration is perishable. It takes great products to emerge as you polish away.**

- **Not a Quitter**
	- talent is not the most important part of this job
	- it s having balls
	- all these people would crumble the first time someone rejects one of their "brilliant" ideas
	- which happens all day every day
	- now are you gonna make anything good?
	- i dont know
	- but you sure as shit arent gonna quit until you do
	- all these people they would give up like almost rightaway

- **Accountable**
	- Take accountability for your product. Your name will mean quality or it might mean uncredibility. (Trump) But if you do it well, you will gain a lot of power.
	- By accountability, you will get more credibility and equity. (If you are more accountable you are less replaceable) (Greater upside, limited downside)
	- Carpenter has no leverage, no credibility, no specific skills. The contracter has accountability and labour advantage. The developer takes more accountability, capital, risk and specific knowledge about where the hot spots are. And the upper level is a famous architect with credibility. The upper level is mega builders which must now know about financial systems as well. One level up is also understands real estate and tech, now you know how to raise capital, what to do, how to use tech to improve and you are an entrepreneur and high risk giant reward leverage in code, capital, labour of high quality (Engineer, designer, marketers). **More and more kinds of knowledge that can only be gained on the job and aren’t common knowledge, more accountability, risk taking; more great people working on it, more capital, more code and media on it. You expand the opportunity (real estate) from a day labourer to a real estate tech company and took it public.**
	- In general you’ll do better in a small company than a big company. You will have more accountability, you will have more visibility. And smaller companies value merit more than politics whereas in the bigger companies it is the opposite.

- **Visionary**
	- Principal agent problem: If you want it done right, do it yourself. Because other people just won’t care. In microeconomics the principals want the business to make the most money, the agents want to do the things that will make the principal happiest or make themselves the most money. So foor example in a widely publicly traded company where no one owns more than 1% of the company, the CEO just fills the board with his friends and does the things that pays them the most. Because there is no principal left in that system. You have to get the incentives right. The good ones aren’t usually looking for only money but for status and meaning in what they do. As a business owner you will always look at how to give them a founder mentality. (How to get them to care) You should take your top liutenants, be very generous with them in case of ownership and incentives. Because they may not realize it now but over time they will and you want them to be aligned with you. Because if they find out they are not incentivised enough they will get misaligned with you. Undermine you or quit. Secondly if you want to be a good employee you should also have the principal mentality. Because this way first you are going to be getting experience in how to be a principal long term and a good principal would promote you even if you are very young because of how you think for us and not for you. If you can hack your way to this problem then you have half of everything solved to run a company.
	- If you are an agent best thing to do is just think what would the founder do. It is only a matter of time until you become a founder yourself.

- **A calm mind, a fit body and a house full of love. Even if you have all the money in the world these are things you can’t have without working. You have to cultivate these.**