|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
**Entrepreneurship Report**
**Written for BUREAU, EST. 2021**
**By: M. Çağatay Sipahioğlu**
|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||

%% Begin Waypoint %%
- **1. Getting into the Entrepreneur Mindset**
	- [[0. How I Got Into Entrepreneurship]]
	- [[1. Why Quit the 9-5 Mindset]]
	- [[2. Utilizing the 9-5 Part of Your Life]]
	- [[3. Do You Want to be Rich or Is it Wealthy You Really Want to Be]]
	- [[4. Being able to create wealth is a skill set not luck.]]
	- [[5. What to Sell for Wealth - Build a Company]]
	- [[6. What to Build to Create Wealth]]
	- [[7. Characteristics of Someone Who Will Create Wealth]]
	- [[8. In Order to Create Wealth, You Must Obtain Leverage]]
	- [[9. After Obtaining Leverage, Get Perspective]]
	- [[10. Your Assets]]
	- [[11. Quit Your 9-5, The Leap of Faith]]
	- [[12. Summary via Millionaire Fastlane]]
	- [[Appendix 1 - Principles]]
	- [[Appendix 2 - Sector Specific Advice]]
- **2. Who is an Entrepreneur**
	- [[1. Who is an Entrepreneur]]
	- [[2. Principles of Entrepreneurship]]
	- [[3. Characteristics of a Good Leader]]
	- [[4. To Cofound or Not to Cofound]]
	- [[5. The Lone Founder]]
	- [[6. Building Alliances]]
	- [[7. Building a Good Team]]
- **3. Choose Your Customer Base**
	- [[Choose Your Customer Base]]
	- [[Kimle İş Yapıcan]]
- **4. Choose Your Product Type**
	- [[1. Levels of Entrepreneurship]]
	- [[1A. Macro-Startup (Physical Product Based) ~ Businessowner]]
	- [[1B. Macro-Startup (Digital Product or Platform) ~ Businessowner]]
	- [[1C. Micro-Startup (Digital Platform) ~ Businessowner]]
	- **1D. Micro-Startup (Digital Product) ~ Freelancer**
		- [[1. Product Levels & Their Pricing]]
		- [[2. How to Make a Product – Fikirden MVP’ye 4-6 Hafta!]]
		- [[3. Content Creation]]
		- [[4. Product Management]]
		- [[5. Social Media Marketing]]
		- [[Appendix 1 - Digital Products List]]
		- [[Appendix 2 - Good Websites]]
	- [[1D. Micro-Startup (Digital Product) ~ Freelancer]]
	- [[1E. Government Contractor]]
	- [[Choose Your Product Type]]
- **5. How to Find and Solve a Problem**
	- [[1. Types of Problems]]
	- [[2. How to Isolate a Problem (Design Thinking)]]
	- [[2A. Anla]]
	- [[2B. Interviews and Observatons (Listen to the Unsaid)]]
	- [[2C. Tanımla (Sieve the problems that matter)]]
	- [[3. How to Isolate a Great Problem]]
	- [[4. How to Isolate an Initial Solution]]
	- [[4A. Fikir Üret]]
	- [[4B. Prototiple]]
	- [[4C. Test Et]]
	- [[4D. Business Plan (Result of the Design Thinking)]]
	- [[4E. Value Proposition & Business Model Canvases]]
	- [[4F. Build an MVP At MAX Before Getting Funding (Lean Startup)]]
	- [[Appendix 1. Problem Types]]
- **6. Networking for Businessman**
	- [[Corp or Gov Employees]]
	- [[Oracle/~ Guides/4C. Businessman/6. Networking for Businessman/Networking]]
	- [[Public Speaking]]
- **7. Funding**
	- [[1. What is a Startup]]
	- [[2. Going Legit - Establishing Your Startup Legally & Startup Law]]
	- [[3. Funding Ecosystem]]
	- [[3A. VC or Angel Funding]]
	- [[3B. Crowdfunding]]
	- [[3C. Incubators and Accelerators]]
	- [[4. Theory of Funding a Startup]]
	- [[5. Pitching Your Startup]]
	- [[Appendix 1 - Turkish Startup Ecosystem]]
- **8. Legal**
	- [[1. Şirket Kur]]
	- [[Company]]
	- [[Şahsi Mallar için Ltd]]
- **9. Accounting**
	- [[2. Vergi Rejimi]]
	- [[6. Vergiden Kaçınmak]]
	- **Tax Code**
		- **Gelir Vergisi**
			- [[Income tax]]
			- [[Minimizition by Foreign Rerouting]]
	- [[Taxes]]
	- [[TR Legit Vergi 25]]
- **10. Team**
	- [[Characteristics and Questions]]
	- [[Hiring Questions]]
	- [[Teams]]
- **11. R&D**
	- [[1. Product Life Cycle]]
	- [[2. Product Development Methodologies]]
- **12. Sales**
	- [[1. Revenue Models]]
	- [[2. Sales Channels]]
	- [[3. Sales Infrastructure]]
	- [[4. Sales Tax]]
	- [[5. İş Almak]]
- **13. Marketing**
	- [[1. Principles]]
	- [[2. How to Sell]]
	- [[3. 3 Lines Theory - Aim of Marketing]]
	- [[4. Branding]]
	- [[4A. Brand Naming]]
	- [[4B. Creating a Following]]
	- [[4C. Personal Branding]]
	- [[4D. Brand Identity]]
	- [[5. Advertising]]
	- [[5A. Social Media]]
	- [[5B. Writing for Engagement]]
	- [[5C. Social Media Specific Tips]]
	- [[6. Competing]]
	- [[7. Marketing Channels]]
	- [[8. Feedback Channels]]
	- [[8A. Using Your Personal Brand for Product Research]]
	- [[9. Feedback Analysis]]
- **14. Scaling**
	- [[1. Know Where You Are]]
	- [[1. Why Scale]]
	- [[2. Competing]]
	- [[Appendix 1 - What Do Consulting Firms Do]]
	- [[Paper Growth]]
- **15. Exit**
	- [[1. Exiting]]
	- [[2. Where to Sell Your Business]]
- [[References]]

%% End Waypoint %%
