## Physical vs Digital
- Physical
  - What you produce should be apocalypse proof. Aka it should be material and strong. Next year the whole internet may chrash but every single penny in my pocket will still be there while 3000 hours of dota play will suddenly have no meaning 
  - Always emphasize the need for a product that is not hackable. Digital and electronic components should be used at a minimum and if possible,non
- Digital
  - **I am looking for something I can actively prototype in. (Digital iyi)**

## What is there to produce?
- You cant produce a plane straightaway.
- You can produce parts of a thing
- You can produce apps or optimizations
- Stocks can be identified as long term investments, that pay off in short term only with spikes and careful social engineering
- You need to be a good engineer to design and produce products and production means.
- It is more profitable to produce your mass production machines. Which are usually robotic arms.
- It is also profitable to do fundamental businesses such as agriculture on a mass scale. It would be good means of money to start off by doing that as a passive income.

## Tips

- Startup gelecegi bilinen seyler ile expertizimiz kesistirilerek kurulmali
- Tecrübeli olduğun alanlarda problem ara. Mesela tecrübeli olmadığım bir Alana girdik real estate. Halen real estate agent hangi servisleri offerlıyo onu nasıl matchlicez bilemiyoruz. Problemi bile tanımlayamıyoruz nişimiz/tecrübemiz dışında iş yapmaya kalkıştığımızda. Tecrübenin değeri burada.
- FIND SOMETHING THAT EVERYBODY WANTS!
- See a need, fill a need.
- - Everybody can become an industrialist but you can only become the indurstialist of a product you use. You cant make the best version of something you havent used in your life. If you want to produce farming eqipment you better have been a farmer in your prevous life. Similarly what do I use such that I want to produce it. S3 snip icin atmayi ogren once yoksa moot point, for drones model ucak yapip ucurmayi ogrenmelisin kesinlikle ! 1! Daily useladigin seyler icin.