- I understand it know
- how an entrepreneur's job is to imagine the future
- it is not about the area
- apple, windows and amazon are all the same
- tesla, facebook and airbnb are all the same
- like Sbari Hoca said, you need to be global to win a nobel
- you need to touch everyone on the planet to build one of THE startups
- technical knowledge is necessary only enough to realize your vision
- facebook looked like crap by todays standards
- it was the idea that counted
- the convenience the want of people to use it
- take today's technologies and put it in a basket
- whatever you pick from it won't be the next big idea
- entrepreneurs don't find ideas
- they create them
- an idea to touch every single person on this earth
- before apple, the idea of a pc was not around
- you need an idea that is revolutionary
- disruptful
- that will kill many industries to birth a new
- the queen is dead long live the queen
- DISRUPTFUL TECHNOLOGİES
- 3D printing
- 5G
- AI
- Robotics
- As a service computing
- Disruptful tech: The Innovator's Dilemma 1997, product with mass appeal
- Entirely new way of getting something done
- Established companies pursue incremental improvements on things they know works
- Superseeds older process, product, habit
- Superior attributes that are immediately obvious
- warren buffetiin end year bi şey okumasından şirket seçmesi gibi öldürecek sektör seçilebilir
- berkshire hathawat annual reports
- I shall disrupt what I know
- I know engineering
- Robotics
- Find Problem, solve it, sell it
- (Can it be that simple)
- Sub-system geliştirmek de iyi para
- elektrikli motor satmak mesela marifet
- Kill automotive?
- Industrial Robotları diruptla?
- Esnafları disruptla
- amazon yapmış onu al sat yapmak yerine komisyon alarak aynı işi yapıyor.
- bütün küçük esnaflar bugün batsa
- onların yerine ne mağazası açmak mantıklı
- "Customers can’t tell you what to do. Build what you want and then sell it after"
- "Be unique and highly valuable at the same time. Then, you don’t have to compete with price, either."
- Bonus Rule from Guy Kawasaki
- 11) Perfect your pitch
- This will separate you from the pack of people who don’t “get it” and align you with the people that do “get it.”

- You should be striving to build giants.
- Notice that cars, planes or even microchips are not considered tech
- These are not tech companies these are industries
- So what is the difference?
- SCALABILITY
- You can scale your software or design based business practically overnight
- But it take A LOT of time to scale up any industry based sector
- So it is VERY logical to start in TECH
- Robotics in general can be both tech (DJI) or industry (UAV)
- It is divided depending on the end user
- If your end user is ordinary people you are more inclined to Tech, if it is a government or other industrialists you are in industry
- S
- Startup ecosystem lazım, tax laws lax olmalı, geography de localin büyük olmalı. Yunanistanda çıksa 10M insana ne yapcak adam. Dolayısıyla USA’e yapıyosun.
- Tüm Avrupa'ya yapsan da 30 dile çevirmen lazım önce