- Design Thinking: Anla-Gözlemle-Tanımla-**Fikir Üret-Prototiple-Test Et**
- Design thinking is necessary to understand the ecosystem and extract the values you should offer in your business plan
- If you are going to build a business, you dont start from the tech you start from the need
- **Rakiplerine bak iyi bak. Onlara bakarken nereden uniqueleşicez diye düşününce yeni fikirler bulucan.**
- 1. When choosing a problem we should have shown that there was a market for this exact problem more rigorously.
2. The solution, since it is an automation solution should have been superior to the competition instead of replacing it. (In areas more than just the cost) Automation works if it is superior not if it is a replacement.
(Alternatively the problem could have been chosen in a more niche way)
3. The communication could have been better. We got this comment on the fact that we said that in our website there will be filtering of inside and outside amenities of the houses but we didn't go into how this will be achieved. (If you guys recall we didn't go deep into these features since they are not core features but apparently they would have liked us to comment on them as well.)
4. In the testing one question was biased about being happy with the comissions charged by real estate agents. They did accept that it is hard to formulate an unbiased question but nevertheless such questions should have been formulated to be unbiased.
5. After the SWOT analysis we should have addressed our weaknesses or threats in a way that, we will solve them like ..., we will pivot to... or due to ... our solution is unfeasible