- To be wealthy. 9-5 will never give you enough money to be rich or enough time to spend it. Rich people: 74% Entrepreneur, 14% Investors, 8% Sportsman, 4% Artists, 0% Employee. Engineering is not going to make you rich as an employee it will only be worth anything when you open up a company.
- Know that the school system is designed to produce employees.
- **In 9-5 Your inputs are matched to your outputs, you are replaceable and you are not being creative. (Even in doctors or engineering, you are doing things over and over. Eventually you will be replaced by AI or robots)**
- If you are not leveraging time you will never be wealthy. Wealth is about positive sum games. Finite games like selling your time can never fulfill you since you will try to consume luxury and your free time to feel better about your life. But the truth is the only endevour that can really feed your soul is creating something.
- Leveraging
	- Employee-no leverage. Money=Time (You get paid 1% of the value you create)
	- Self employed-no leverage. More money=Time (You get paid 100% of the value you create)
	- Businessman-leverage. Money=Time^2 (You get paid 1% of the value hundreds create)
	- Investor-leverage Money=Money^2 (You get 1% of the value millions create)
- When you are 80 and looking back on your life, you probably won’t regret having become an entrepreneur or at least having tried with everything you got and even failed. The one thing you will regret is though is having never tried.
- En güzel yere de girsen, kendi fikrindeki şeyleri yapmazsan hayat monotonlaşçak.
- Entraya ne zaman başlanır? Whenever you have the guts and the idea (You dont need to quit to start becoming an entra)
- There are people less qualifeied than you, doing the things you want to do, because they believe in themselves and take action. (Jack Ma)
- You are getting soft again, gotta earn money, gotta get ambitious
- Income Types
	- Earned income (From a job)
	- Profit income (From trading)
	- Interest income (From lending money)
	- Royalty income (From lending your idea)
	- Dividend income (From owning stocks)
	- Rental income (From owning property)
	- Capital gains (From your assets increasing in value)
	- Residual income (When you continue to get paid after your work is done. Online courses etc.)
- A loser is someone who is so afraid of trying they dont even try
- If you can be trained to do a job then so will others and you are replaceable.
- Become your own boss as fast as possible, It is the only way to make your life truly yours