- Ludwig got 10k in savings, quit his job and also set a goal of subscribers etc. Then he went all in for 8 months and he says himself that he would have definitely quit if he didnt reach the goals. Taking a few months full time to throw yourself at something you are passionate about seems worth it. The upside is your life will be saved. Downside is you will maybe see what you are not made of but even then you may find a new passion and in either case you will come out with a lot more knowledge than you went in with. You can do stuff half assed as a side job but the results will be half assed to. For youtube for example if you are able to produce barely 1 video a week vs. 3 videos a week + all day everyday learn about growth and the algorithm it is almost guarenteed you will see better results.
- You don’t necessarily have to be passionate about the thing you are throwing yourself at as long as you are going at it hard and you are consistent. Passion is a good motivator for these things but motivation is for amateurs, professionals get up in the morning and do their job. For example the community of indie hackers in this sense do what makes them Money not necessarily what they are passionate about.
- It should also be added that you should never take a leap blindly or not at all.
- 90k burcen varsa 30 acmak 30 ilk yil 30 batarsan diye
- When you start building a new firm
- Of course you wont make the big bucks on day one
- Two things are important
- How long will it take you to break even
- How long will it take you to match a generic salary
- After that you start scaling
- Quitting your job
	- You make X at your job.
	- Get a side hustle. Your aim is to make Y at side hustle.
	- When you reach Y, can you stay at Y for 3 months?
	- If yes: 6 aylık fon ayır veya aileden vs. paranı al.
	- Quit your job.
	- Now make Y become 2Y in one month as your full time focus.