- **Everybody makes money at some point; owns a part of a business, a product or an IP.**
- You must preemptively eliminate roads that will make you 100$ max every month, like affiliate marketing, by using the commandments. Because it can trick you into thinking this is a fastlane and I am making 100$ because I am at the start.
- Privatize and productivize yourself.
- Wealth is built through practicality not passion
- You want a career where your input doesn’t match your outputs. Software engineer can work for a month and create bitcoin, or work for a year and create software no one wants to use. It is highly disconnected. The best lumberjack in the world on the other hand has no option but to tie his input to his output.
- **Society always wants new things, you gotta find what is next thing people will want that they don’t know that they want it.** The path to wealth is through creating things that make others happy. **Find which is within your skillset and then build it and scale it. (Entrepreneurship)** Everyone has dug through all the obvious places to dig. You should either dig in a new frontier or dig deeper than everyone else.
- YOU want it, WOU need it and then you build it.
- Due to internet, you can reach EVERYONE on the world. Through mail, ads, videos etc. Now, however niche your skills or interests are, **as long as you are the best at something** you can now find your audience.
- And for the creator economy: Don’t imitate, don’t copy, just be who you are. No one can be you better than you are. (Ludwig)
- IF you can do things that nobody else can do you’ll have skills that are literally priceless. Acquire skillls that nobody else has escpecially in combination that are rare. For career and life. Be able to build, sell and manage.
- If you want to only make Money you wont succeed. The ones that succeed is the ones that have an idea that want to get out to the World and they need a company for people to start listening to them.