- You can’t be number 1 at a random thing. When searching for what to do: I want to be best at something but you must also iterate until you find something that fits you.
- Enemy of a startup is everyone else's life.
- Finder product market fit: The founder is naturally inclined to build products for that market.
- **Don’t get trapped in competition. To escape competition just leave other people and build a product authentic to yourself, that no one else can do. Who can do the best you better than you?**
- Authenticity naturally gets you away from competition. Don’t be authentic if there is not a market fit. You gotta adjust that somehow where there is a market and you are still your best authentic self.
- If market is too filled or too empty those might be red flags.
- **Generally people will get caught up in being like the competition when they enter a new market. And the best founders tend to be SIMPLY AUTHENTIC in the market. (Reddit botta da yapılmışın aynısını yapıp napcan, farklı yap, senin istediğin gibi yap.)**
- **Bir şeyi yapmak istemen lazım, o şeyde specific knowledgea sahip olman lazım ve yapmak istediğin şeyin Pazarı olması lazım.**
- **Authenticity by stacking 5 or 6 skills you are good and authentic at. People have multiple skills, it is natural that people’s own niches will join together. Ideally end up specializing on being you.**
- **Silicon valley businesses endanger your business. But as similar restaurant in another town will enlarge your market. Most usually another business won’t endanger your business, you will all have a niche way of doing things and differences affecting people’s choice. In that case it just helps grow the market. (Look at webex, zoom and skype) But as always authenticity is the best way to not really be affected by competition. HOROZ**
- **Even if you have all the bits and pieces it will still take time. Word isn’t an efficient place.**
- Don’t keep track and don’t keep count.
- In entrepreneurship you only need to be right once.
- **You are better off just picking off the sginle biggest thing or two. Like what am I really good at according to observation and according to people I trust that the market values? If you are good at it you’ll keep it up, if you’re good at it you’ll develop the judgement, if you’re good at it and you like to do it eventually people will give you the resources and you won’t be afraid to take on accountability, so all the other pieces will fall into place. Product market fit is inevitable if you are doing something you love to do and the market wants it.**
- Best founders listen and read about everyone but go do their own thing. You should examine everything and take the parts you find correct. Because if you listen to everything others say they will just cancel each other out.
- Just make something 1 or 2 people will LOVE and use. Then iterate on it iterate on it and iterate on it. What is it, Who's it for, What problem does it solve, Does it solve it well? Dont obsess over perfection, iterate in front of users. Dont not ship, ship and fix. (Problems in shipping) Have a clear sense of your direction
- Pick up a problem around you that you understand. You usually need to see a weirdly specific problem and you need life experience to see that which is not always found in students going for startups.
- Yeni girişimler çok niche, baya 3 layer deepte yatan problemleri çözüyor. UPGRADING SUBSTANDARD VIDEO MEETINGS INTO HIGHLY ENGAGING SESSIONS. Wtf yani. Ben zoom var ya der geçerim mesela