- Levers: Taking risk, capital, labourer, coding, communicating.
- Obtain specific knowledge: Early on find things you have any interes. If you dive into the edge of knowledge and take on things nobody knows how to solve and you solve the hard problems people will line up behind you the leverage will come.
- **There are also timeless specific knowledges: Persuasion. But requires a combination with other specific knowledges.**
- What to do with leverage? You have a lot more risk and more to gain. You have gone from steering a sailboat to an ocean liner. Gotta slow down and get some judgement.
- **Leverage digitizaliation**
	- **Oldest form of leverage is labor. (More people is better) <- Very old thinking. Now have as few people working for you as possible. Capital is the newer leverage. Money from venture capital. You can lose it and owe nothing. That is why having a specific skillset and credibility is important. Because then leverage will find you. The newest leverage is digital. Last generations fortunes were made through capital but new generation’s fortunes are made through code, digital IP. New Tech: Magic Combination: Get the smallest high effect labour (engineers), add in capital to pay them and pay for them (VC, Angel) and produce distributable, scalable products which are DIGITAL.**
	- **New leverage is PERMISSIONLESS You need permission for someone to work for you, you need permission to get money from investments. You don’t need any permissions to create code or media.** (Even capital and labour are becoming permissionless through crowdfunding and opensourcing)
	- **Tech and media has amazing scale economies.**
	- Tech and media has 0 marginal cost of reproduction. They also have the network effect. Because each people added will open your platform to more people than the ones you added. It has a highly compounding effect.

- **Leverage Connections**
		- Network Effect: Each user added adds a value to the system. Language is the oldest example. Because enough people speaks English as a majority in the long run everybody will be speaking English or Chinese. Because there are so many more English books, movies and overall resources written in English now it pushes people to learn English.
		- If your startup has talent or customers you will end up with more money than you invest.
