
- People buy from people they like
- People buy why you sell it not what you sell.
- **Your calling card should be to strangers: Here is what I have done, here is what I can show you, let’s meet and I’ll be respectful of your time if this is useful to you. People on twitter saying only if I could get one meeting with you are vague about it and would and could never be taken seriously.**
- **They want to see product progress in VC first. You have to have proof of work. Networking can be important but having a track record is much more important. Your track record > Your network.**
- To sell something be friendly and find common ground. Then literally act like their friend send them birthday cakes if you have to. People buy from people and people will always buy from their friends.
- Somebody asks what do you charge? You answer: I would be happy to work within your budget. Why dont we make sure that I'm the best fit first and then I would be happy to work within your budget. Fair enough?
- Persuade people to buy your product: Biology: Cross section of human brain. Outer brain what rational +language, middle brain how feeling decision no language when w ego from outside in they understand all the info but it just doesnt feel right, it doesnt drive decisions. When you communicate from the inside out it feels right, that is what drives decision. Orville and Wilbur were driven by changing the World. Langley was driven by fame and Money. Day the brothers flew Langley quit. You cant attract those who believe what you believe
- Customers: 2.5 innovator, 13.5 early adapters, 24 early majority, 34 late majority, 16 compulsory adapters. Early majority, daha önce kullananlar beğnmiyorsa productu almıyor. %15’lik maarket penetrationu geçince tipping point işte. O yüzden early adapterların anlaması lazım ve bu early adapterlar da gut feelingle, i just get it olayıyla adaptliyor. O yüzden bunlara hitap etmek için Whhy dan girmen gerekiyor. (Diffusion of Innovation)
- People read below a 5th grade level. Always put your  copy into hemigway or something, get the reading level below 3rd grade level.
- Japanese never use quality in their marketing. People don't form opinions on quality by marketing, they form their opinions on their experience with the products.
- About selling a pen: You don't desribe and sell a pen. Only rational thing you can do is. Star asking them questions. The key to selling is finding our What your client needs, values.
- How to sell anything to anyone
	- Dont sell logic, sell emotions and desires. People buy with emotion then justify with logic.
	- Dont let the prospect lead the conversation
	- Push emotional triggers find where it hurts.
	- Use poweful words, build certainity in the customers mind.
	- SHOW them how you are going to make their lives easier.
	- Sell the transformation in your life not the product.
	- Tell prospects and price and then shut up.
- It is easier to sell something that solves a pain than selling something tha fulfills a desire.
- If your offer has a solid guarentee t'l result in more sales.
- Copywriting is 80%research, 20% writing.
- Try to meet demand not create it.
- Quantify the time frame of your offer create time scarcity.
- A happy customer is the most powerful form of marketing.
- ==Social proof + Scarcity + Urgency + Risk-Free Guarentee + Bonuses = Perfect Offer==
- Persuasive writing is conversational not academic.
- People want to see pictures of your results.