- Either have a good co-founder that you know you can work with through hard times
- Have you ever gone camping in the storm with this guy
- Other than that it is better being a solo founder than being a cofounder that the investor can understand you wont be able to work with
- solo founders usually like build the whole first version themselves
- Ortağa ihtiyaç var mı?
	- Yalnızlık doğal
	- Fikir çarpıştıracak adam arkadaş gayet güzel.
	- Birebir ortaklıktan ziyade benzer yolda başka kişilerle gitmek önemli.
- Complimentary talents and competencies -> Heterogical members
- Share the workload, information processing -> decision making
- Psychological support
- Bad team members is the leading reason for failure
- Homogeneous teams
	- Homophily: Similar demographic, raising
	- Network ties
	- This results in homogenous teams who get along well but are incompetent in some areas together.
- Who is the entrepreneurial team composed of?
	- **Venture owners involved in strategic decision making.**
	- Venture employees.
	- Venture owners and related business partners.
	- All the people involved in a venture (owners and employees).
- EFFECTS OF ENTREPRENEURIAL TEAM CHARACTERISTICS
	- Degree of diversity
		- Easily observable
		- Different demography
		- Different education and experience
		- Do not lack competencies
		- More creative in result
		- BUT:
		- Makes cooperation harder
		- SO:
		- **Divide team into subgroups who are homogeneous but the company stays heterogeneous! This is the way of companies too.**
		- Manage fault lines by making different teams taste other teams jobs.
- **Prior relationships** **Can have a common language, have benefits and trust. BUT: **They take for granted that they will share the same vision. They find it difficult to discuss problems so those get bigger until they explode.**
- **The size of the team needs to balance the completeness of its competencies and the need for effective coordination.**
- **If team members have attended the same universities and have previous experience of working together coordination of the team will be more effective as team members have common ground.**
- **If team members have specialized competencies in complementary functional areas (e.g. R&D and sales), the team will be more effective, but more difficult to coordinate.**
- **Competency heterogeneity among team members helps covering competences gap.**